CASMTRIAGE-3345 (#1688)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/network/management_network/generate_switch_configs.md

* `--a`   : What is the system architecture? (See above)
* `--ccj` : Match the `ccj.json` file to the one you created for your system.
* `--sls` : Match the `sls_file.json` to the one you created for your system.

> * `--custom-config` : Pass in a switch configuration file that CANU will inject into the generated configuration.  More documentation can be found from the official [CANU documentation](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/canu#generate-switch-configs-including-custom-configurations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--custom-config` : Pass in a switch configuration file that CANU will inject into the generated configuration. For more information, see the [CANU documentation](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/canu#generate-switch-configs-including-custom-configurations).
```

* Generate a configuration file for single switch:

    ```console

>     ncn# canu generate switch configuration--csm 1.2 -a full --ccj system-ccj.json  --sls-file sls_file.json --name sw-spine-001

Reviewer: I don't think CANU will work if you switch the "config" argument to "configuration".

```suggestion
    ncn# canu generate switch config --csm 1.2 -a full --ccj system-ccj.json  --sls-file sls_file.json --name sw-spine-001
```

    ```

> * Generate a configuration files for full system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generate configuration files for full system:
```

    ```console

>     ncn# canu generate network config--csm 1.2 -a full --ccj system-ccj.json  --sls-file sls_file.json --folder generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ncn# canu generate network config --csm 1.2 -a full --ccj system-ccj.json  --sls-file sls_file.json --folder generated
```

>     ncn# canu generate network configuration--csm 1.2 -a full --ccj system-ccj.json  --sls-file sls_file.json --folder generated

Reviewer: I don't think CANU will work if you switch the "config" argument to "configuration".

```suggestion
    ncn# canu generate network config--csm 1.2 -a full --ccj system-ccj.json  --sls-file sls_file.json --folder generated
```

* `--a`   : What is the system architecture? (See above)
* `--ccj` : Match the `ccj.json` file to the one you created for your system.
* `--sls` : Match the `sls_file.json` to the one you created for your system.

> * `--custom-config` Pass in a switch config file that CANU will inject into the generated config.  More documentation can be found from the official [CANU docs](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/canu#generate-switch-configs-including-custom-configurations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--custom-config` Pass in a switch configuration file that CANU will inject into the generated configuration. For more information see the official [CANU documentation](https://github.com/Cray-HPE/canu#generate-switch-configs-including-custom-configurations).
```
